elm
b 4 b
Yes etc. is Maikusu raise that had you introduce from the key channel's there today
Nazca
Nice to meet you
Among bank angle is of course from the steep course summer
Is it closest to Bristol
And
Not just a race
In order to bamboo race
Time zone sky
That time is night
The weather is
It is raining
This become devil-less without a house Aso Ufun
Wintering
A little here
I 'm going to win
Do this go
I Rofiｰ's
Project as Saan
Arara
Lots of guys
Better than
Regards secretly thing and Toko
Come on and this not lose fight
It will be why
I 've raised my hurdle myself
Char's nice
I'm running on the wall
It is interesting to be able to run on the wall
Rather it may be faster to go by the wall
rem
I 'm already trying to slam one lap
No yeah fucking
Meow stop
It is a big failure to have faulted
It is a car
Well 10 times
I 'm not taking it right now I'm check point wow
Some water
In was a nice touch to the middle
out that no check points have been taken
this
I wonder if I can go wall
Tell me the wall
I 'm going to God run
Fast that run reflects growing wall Hahawwa
This product to run to the cheek cheek wall
I'm pulling out more and more
The worm was invited, but everyone seems to be doing a cover sticker
I wanted to say that I was blowing fire and I was 6
Abrasive development わ け ね ね コ ラ コ ラ コ ラ
Thank you
It was a dangerous Toko
Disagreeable
It was an interesting race
It was not
Do not say that Te Goofy Mr. Nurashiku'
What happened
Oh do
Rainy day No way bran
That Lee's real is always a book
me
Oh I'm not one
I wondered if I took 1
Third place
Majika
Wow, it was surprising
I was mistaken with someone with goals in surely position
Always
Thank you for watching it I learned from the race introduced by Mr. Akira
That is a bye